hoid iodine a height that one was just
done put that on me without shapes yeah
so you're going to acting acaba me today
then I may need to talk of a weenie so
sick stop shut up - ha ha ha did he
doesn't help me any holiday so the condo
Baqarah myself Creole today sticky - OH
- inna Ghana yeah me me a cow mooing
janitor job one two three four five
three six one two three oh oh honey boo
boo
look at that shake dance / - OH
immediate death - Wow sir three from me
detainee
could also do like one two three four
yah-tchi daddy go on you've got the kuru
kuru top kuru kuru crap
Oh
suspect on like this
you got it - OH - allow me to stay high
six a five six maybe he rallied an
American up gym bunny